docs: ica tx atomicity docs and minor improvements (#719)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/app-modules/interchain-accounts/parameters.md

> <!--

Author: Added separate page for parameters. More easy to navigate and more explicit!

-->

# Parameters

The Interchain Accounts module contains the following on-chain parameters, logically separated for each distinct submodule:

### Controller Submodule Parameters

| Key                    | Type | Default Value |
|------------------------|------|---------------|
| `ControllerEnabled`    | bool | `true`        |

#### ControllerEnabled

The `ControllerEnabled` parameter controls a chains ability to service ICS-27 controller specific logic. This includes the sending of Interchain Accounts packet data as well as the following ICS-26 callback handlers:
- `OnChanOpenInit`
- `OnChanOpenAck`
- `OnChanCloseConfirm`
- `OnAcknowledgementPacket`
- `OnTimeoutPacket`

### Host Submodule Parameters

| Key                    | Type     | Default Value |
|------------------------|----------|---------------|
| `HostEnabled`          | bool     | `true`        |
| `AllowMessages`        | []string | `[]`          |

#### HostEnabled

The `HostEnabled` parameter controls a chains ability to service ICS27 host specific logic. This includes the following ICS-26 callback handlers:
- `OnChanOpenTry`
- `OnChanOpenConfirm`
- `OnChanCloseConfirm`
- `OnRecvPacket`

#### AllowMessages

> The `AllowMessages` parameter provides the ability for a chain to limit the types of messages or transactions that it chooses to facilitate by defining an allowlist using the Protobuf message TypeURL format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AllowMessages` parameter provides the ability for a chain to limit the types of messages or transactions that hosted interchain accounts are authorized to execute by defining an allowlist using the Protobuf message TypeURL format.
```
